Hello, uncle.
Oh, you're here. I've been waiting for you.
I'll teach you how to do business from today.
You're already 20 years old.
What's 20?
20 is 20.
30 is 30.
You're not that old.
You're playing. You can't eat breakfast.
Do you know why you're eating?
I don't know.
It's because you're a chopsticks.
I'm going to eat rice curry.
What are you talking about?
I made a lot of donuts this year.
This year is the year of the pumpkin.
I'll sell you donuts.
There are sugar in the basket.
In the can of the CEO.
The bigger one is 8,000 yen.
The smaller one is 7,000 yen.
When you sell it, look up.
It's good.
The original price is 7,000 yen to 8,000 yen.
Look up.
If you know that, that's the point.
You can't do it like that.
You have to do it like that.
If you don't do it, you won't get tired.
Put your wallet on your neck.
Try to hold the pen.
You have to hold it with your shoulders.
It's heavy.
Hold it with your hips.
And you can't hold the pen with your hips.
It's not that expensive.
You have to hold it with your hips.
Come on.
When you're up, look up.
It's pumpkin.
It's a bad thing.
It's not a big thing.
There are bank stores.
I don't buy donuts at the bank.
I'll go to this store.
It's a big thing.
Pumpkin.
Why is it a big thing?
What is pumpkin?
It's strange that I'm called pumpkin.
Does my face look like a pumpkin?
It's more like a potato than a pumpkin.
What are you talking about?
I'll hit you.
How many times do you hit me?
Don't be stupid.
I said I'd hit you.
You're right.
I'll hit you.
Buy donuts.
It's a big deal.
I'm sorry.
I can't forgive you.
You came to buy donuts.
This is a donut store.
I'm sorry.
How much is this?
8000 yen for the big one.
7000 yen for the small one.
Is this real?
I don't know.
It's a real donut.
It's a mountain.
I'll buy two big ones.
It's 20,000 yen.
I'll give you a discount.
I don't have a discount.